# Booking.com
There are two user groups which are client (a person who wants to book a hotel room) and hotel reservation admin (a person who is responsible to manage reservations) Minimum required functionalities: For client (user group) 1. Search for a hotel in which user needs to specify (where he/she is going, the check-in date, check-out date as well as the number of adults and children). 2. View a list of hotels according to user research along with enough information about the hotel (such as hotel name, hotel rating, availability, expected price ... etc.) 3. Client should be able to choose one of the search-result hotels and see more information about it (rooms available, room type, room facilities etc.) 4. View hotel photos 5. Client can filter hotels search-result by these categories (price, user rating, hotel’s stars, distance from the governorate city center, including meals, etc.) 6. Client should be able to view the hotel on Google maps 7. Make a hotel reservation. 8. Change / Cancel reservation. 9. Rate Hotel (stars system and comments) For hotel reservation admin (user group) 1. Check clients in and out. 2. View a list of reservations (current) 3. View reservation history for a specific period (from date – to date) 4. Search for a client and view his / her information (for example user phone number as well as email) in case s/he needs to contact the client and confirm reservation. 5. Cancel reservation 6. Get notification upon client cancellation by email (real email message – can use java mail or any other email libraries) and on the system 7. Confirm reservation payment 9. Update hotel basic information (contact information, hotel facilities, add location, other branches information) 10. Upload and update hotel photos 11. Add / update room information 12. View hotel rating and client’s comments
